[MUSIC PLAYING]
My name is Monica Castillo.
I am an occupational
therapist, and also
the Therapy Director in Dallas.
I have the clinic
setting that I can
work in which allows
me to collaborate
with the other therapists.
But I also have the
home setting available
to me, as well, which allows me
to really work with the family
in their home setting.
It's-- it's
indescribable really.
For me, I know I have
the skill set to effect
change in that patient's life.
But then also to see the
parents and the caregivers so
appreciative of something that--
a skill that I have.
And that I've been able
to make that change.
It's really-- it's a
privilege and an honor.
[MUSIC PLAYING]